#summary This page contains all the releases for PhreakBot.

= Changelog =
*Version 33 (bot revision 033, document version 20)*: - Implemented new feature to control when the bot Advertises that it is accumulating points.

+ Implemented the ability (under settings menu) to choose how often the bot will advertise that it is accumulating points. (Never, 5 mins, 10 mins, 30mins)
+ Implemented the ability for the program to save/load this preference to/from the user_settings file.

***NOTE*** If after this build you have issue loading the bot, please try to DELETE the "user_settings" file located in the same folder/directory you are loading the .JAR file for the bot. This is because of the new addition to the save file listed above, which might cause issues with outdated/malformed user_settings file. 

----
*Version 27 (bot revision 027, document version 2)*: - Implemented improvements on the GUI.

  + Implemented Tabbedpane view for the primary GUI
  + Started work on a voting system
  + misc other small fixes 
  + Fixes to lottery system (lottery system will now tell how many points are in the pool when it adverts. Also the system will shut down automatically after the winner is chosen, where previously an admin would have to manually turn the system off)

----
*Version 20 (bot revision 020, document version 2)*: 

- Implemented some major improvements on the login screen including the following.
  + Created an animated login button so the user knows its trying to connect
  + Text Fields disable while trying to login
  + Implemented threads for the connection method so the program does not freeze while trying to connect
  + Created Help and Support menus 
  + Connection console was added to supply errors if incorrect 
  + Overhaul on the Documentation for the bot was done, including an indepth section about the Oauthkey for twitch
information was given. More information--> https://code.google.com/p/twitch-bot-krashnburnz/source/detail?r=20

----

*Version 16 (bot revision 016)*: Implemented a console to be used for information, errors messages, and IRC chat. More information--> https://code.google.com/p/twitch-bot-krashnburnz/source/detail?r=16

----

*Version 15 (bot revision 002):* 
Implemented connect, log out features to control when the bot is online, and when the bot is offline. Fixed error withg the program not fully closing if the save creds was not clicked. Added menu items to enable debug and to exit the program
More Information--> https://code.google.com/p/twitch-bot-krashnburnz/source/detail?r=15

----

= PhreakBot Beta Downloads =

Version 033 (released 12/15/2013): 
http://pugetsoundvapes.com//phreakbot/download/beta/Phreak_Bot_ver_033.zip

Version 027 (released 12/15/2013): 
http://pugetsoundvapes.com/phreakbot/download/beta/Phreak_Bot_ver_027.zip

Version 020 (released 12/10/2013): 
http://pugetsoundvapes.com/phreakbot/download/beta/PhreakBot_ver_020.zip

Version 016 (released 12/7/2013): http://pugetsoundvapes.com/phreakbot/download/beta/PhreakBot_ver_016.zip

Version 002 (released 12/1/2013): http://pugetsoundvapes.com/phreakbot/download/beta/Phreak_Bot_ver_002.zip